ABOUTThe Amazing Brewing Company pursues five values: beer, taste, flavor, diversity and freshness. We do our best to spread the wonderful taste of beer to the people of the world. The Amazing Brewing Company is composed of a group of people who have a passion for beer. All of us have diverse backgrounds including writers, Brewmaster course graduates, sommeliers, baristas, sales people, marketers, etc. We are not all beer masters, but we all enjoy beer, and that is what brings us together. We recognize that people who enjoy beer regularly bring variety and brilliance to our brewery. The Amazing Brewing Company is not a proprietary operating system, but a start-up system that aims to grow rapidly by investing in institutional investors and private investors both domestic and foreign, And the growth of each individual is the greatest value. The headquarters of the Amazing Brewing Company is located in Seongsu-dong, Seongdong-gu, Seoul, in the midst of the fashion district. The head office and beer education academy are also located in Seongsu-dong.BeersFirst LoveNew England IPA - ABV: 6.5%, IBU: 46This beer has a distinctive flavor and look, much like a tropical fruit juice with a large amount of fresh new world hops in a blurry appearance. If you are not satisfied with existing IPAs or are looking for the latest trends, we recommended First Love.Crystal ClearKristallweizen - ABV: 5.5%, IBU: 9 Weizen, a traditional German beer, uses wheat malt for a softer texture, and a special yeast to produce unmistakable banana and clove notes.Shocking StoutImperial/Double Stout Ð ABV: 8.5%, IBU: 43Imperial Stout is a style that uses strongly roasted malt to increase the intensity of coffee-and-chocolate-flavors. Ours is a beer that is rich in flavor, strong, and a bit bitter in flavor. It is shockingly strong.Mindblowing SaisonSaison - ABV: 5.5%, IBU: 18 A beer that was provided at 5 liters/day to farmers in the farming season in Belgium, Saisons truly taste like a crisp harvest. Our Mindblowing Saison is neat, and boasts a refreshing top note along with a spicy finish.